 The code starts with importing the random module.
 The code then creates a root window and assigns it to the geometry command.
 Next, we create two labels, one for each of our players (mylabel1 and mylabel2).
 We then add them to the root window using grid commands.
 Next, we create three buttons: "Quit", "Start Game", and "Help".
 Then we assign these buttons to their respective grids in order by assigning them an index number from 0-14.
 Finally, we call mainloop() which will run our program until it is stopped or interrupted by pressing a button on the interface
 The code attempts to create a window with the following dimensions: 650x450.
 The code starts by checking if the player has won.
 If they have, then it will change the text on the label to show that they have won and reset their turn.
 If not, then it checks if there is a tie.
 If so, then it changes the text on the label to say "Tie!"
 The code is a function that will check to see if the player has won or lost.
 If the player has won, then it will set their text to "Player 1 Wins!"
 and if they have lost, then it will set their text to "Player 0 Wins!".
 If the players tie, then it will set their text to "Tie!"
 The code starts by declaring a global variable called player.
 This is the name of the random choice from players that will be used in this game.
 Next, there are two if statements: one for checking whether or not the winner has been determined and another to check whether or not there are any empty spaces left on the board.
 The first if statement checks to see who won by comparing buttons[row][column].
 If it's true, then buttons[row][column] is set to light green; otherwise, it's set to yellow.
 The second if statement checks for empty spaces using an else clause with True and False as its only possible values.
 If no space remains on the board, then "Tie" is displayed; otherwise, "Player 1 wins!"
 is displayed.
 The code is a simple game of tic-tac-toe.
 The code begins by setting up the board with three rows and three columns, then it sets up the buttons to represent the players in order: Player 1, Player 2, and Player 3.
 The first if statement checks to see if any player has won yet.
 If so, it will set the text on each button accordingly.
 If not, it will check to see who won next using a for loop that goes through all three players.
 If no player has won yet, then it will print "Tie!"
 to the screen before checking again after every iteration of this loop until someone wins or there are no more iterations left.
 The code starts by creating a window with the title "Tic-Tac-Toe".
 Then, it creates an array of players.
 The player is chosen randomly from this list and assigned to the variable player.
 Next, buttons are created in rows and columns that will be used for displaying text onscreen.
 The code then creates a label called "label" which has a background color of light blue and font size set at 25 pixels.
 It also sets its grid location to row 8 column 0 (the first row in the grid).
 This label will be used as part of the game board where players can place their X or O markers when they win or lose respectively.
 The code will create a Tic-Tac-Toe game with two players and three rows and columns.
 The first player is X, the second player is O, and the third row has buttons for each of the players.
 The code will randomly choose one of the players to be X, then create a label with text "X's turn :)" which will have a blue background.
 Then it creates a grid containing 8 rows and 0 columns that contains an instance of Label with text "player + "'s turn :)".
 It also creates buttons in this grid that are all initially set to have text "0" but can be changed by setting their text property to anything else.
